Hey. What's wrong?
You're sweating
like a pig.
[screaming]
Hi.
Ahhh!
[chuckling]
[groaning]
Heroes aren't supposed
to run away. Right?
[theme music]
Point nineteen of North Bronze. Thanks to
Origami Cyclone's undercover work,
we've pinpointed Jake's
current location.
Heroes, you've done
great work!
I knew the people of Stern Bild
could count on you.
A ninja star? Guess that goes with
your hero costume. How cute.
[grunting]
[humming]
Bang.
[Dragon Kid] So we'll launch
a surprise attack on his hideout?
[Rock Bison] Settle down. If we go
charging in they could demolish the city.
[Fire Emblem] Good point, honey. We should
proceed with caution until we learn
how they control those
powered exosuits.
[Blue Rose] So we're waiting for
Origami to call in?
[Kotetsu] Yep. Let's stay on stand-by
near his location.
Might I offer a suggestion? Perhaps we
should do some reconnaissance
on his hideout to prepare us for
the battle ahead, right?
Sure.
Then I volunteer to go.
Uh?
Alone?
I need to do this. I promised the people
I would catch Jake,
and I'm going to do everything
in my power to fulfill that pledge.
Alright then! Barnaby will be our scout.
I have the utmost confidence in him.
Thank you.
Bunny, I think I should
come with you--
It's too much of a risk.
I'll go solo.
But if you see that guy Jake,
you might lose it like before.
I'm asking you
to trust me.
[Agnes] Barnaby, the film crew
can't follow you,
so make sure you get good footage
on your helmet cam.
Copy that. Did you learn anything
about Jake's powers?
[Agnes] The Justice Bureau database says
he's a NEXT with deadly force,
but gives no details.
Nothing?
Shouldn't there be arrest reports from
15 years ago, when Legend brought him in?
[Agnes] For some reason, those records
have been wiped clean.
I see.
Okay, I'm moving in.
Please, let this work.
Huh? Where's Tiger?
He was right behind us a second ago.
Is that--?
What are you doing here?
You can breathe easy, Bunny.
I got the jerk!
-No, you don't understand, he's--
-What the--?
[laughing hysterically]
What'd I tell you?
They fell for it!
You called it, Mr. Jake.
Jake.
Ah, you must be Wild Tiger, huh?
Or as it says here, the idiotic one-man
wrecking crew. Which do you prefer?
Shut your trap!
Was it you? Were you the
one who murdered my parents?
Huh?
Tell me!
I kill lots of folks, tin man.
You expect me to remember them all?
-You're dead!
-Cool it, Bunny.
Listen to your friend.
If I have to kill you now,
it'll ruin the surprise
I have in store for later.
[chuckling]
What the hell was that?
What do you mean he just
got away?
Sorry. We have no idea
where he went.
How could you people lose him?
I assured everyone you could handle this!
You've made a liar out of me!
Why the hell did you go
in there?
Well, when I saw you activate your power,
I thought you were gonna
go nuts on the guy.
But he was wearing one of
our comm units on his wrist.
Huh?
Wait, you knew that was
Origami Cyclone?
Do you have any idea how long
I've been waiting for this opportunity?
And now, because of you,
that bastard got away!
And I specifically told you
I could handle it alone.
Why didn't you stay back
like I asked you to?
Well, I mean, I
was sorta worried--
Shut up!
I needed you to trust me
and you couldn't!
I was actually starting to believe
I could rely on you as a partner!
But I can't put my trust in a partner
who doesn't trust me.
Hey! Who are you? Get back!
Mr. Jake?
[whistling]
This is an absolute
nightmare!
Locate Jake immediately!
That's an order!
Um, sir? What would you
like us to do?
We have to play the one
card we still have left.
Release Chuckman. We can use him
as a decoy to flush out Jake, and then--
I'm one step ahead of you, there.
[gasping]
[chuckling]
Jake! Why are you here?
Only cowards run away. And it seems,
poor Chuckman had an unfortunate accident.
[gasping]
Why did I kill him?
Well, let's just say that
when he let himself get captured,
he lost all of my respect.
You came all this way to gloat?
That was just a prologue.
Mister Jake would like to share
a much more important message with you.
What message?
We can all agree that NEXTs are the most
advanced beings in our world.
But recently, some have allowed themselves
to fall under the influence
of much lesser humans.
These... aberrations wear costumes
and prance around
calling themselves heroes.
They're an embarrassment.
Which is why, on behalf of all NEXT,
I've decided to crush them
once and for all!
Oh, and he would like to do so
on one of your live broadcasts.
Unless you want us to sink your city,
you'll roll your cameras for us.
What are we shooting?
The greatest show ever.
Are you a total moron?
Jake escaped because you defied
Barnaby's request and got in his way!
That's not how you
treat a teammate!
You're right about that.
I kept tryin' to convince
him we were a team,
but in the end, I was the one
who didn't trust him.
[alarm sounding]
[Kriem] Greetings, all you hero-loving
citizens of Stern Bild.
Today we'll be presenting
a special live broadcast
of Mister Jake's Seven Deadly Matches.
Seven what now?
[Kriem] But first, a word from
the man of the hour.
I know how much you love
your so-called heroes.
But I'm gonna show you
how worthless they are.
The rules are simple.
Heroes will be picked at random
and Mister Jake will battle them
one-on-one.
Say what?
[Jake] If any hero manages to
defeat me in battle,
I'll shut down my exosuits
and leave your fair city in peace.
Sounds great, but what happens
if all the heroes lose?
Then I'll blow up the support pillars
and destroy the whole place!
[Kriem] You heard him! The fate
of the city now lies with the heroes!
Good luck everybody!
[blowing kiss]
What is wrong with him?
This guy's off his rocker! First, he kills
his own man, and now this insanity!
Actually, this could
work out perfectly.
[all] Huh?
As long as it's one-on-one and nobody
interferes, I can beat this guy.
[Kriem] And now, we'll spin the big wheel
to find out
who's fighting in match number one!
You!
The honor of being the
first challenger goes to...
Bingo!
The King of Heroes!
It's Sky High!
The best one's gonna die first?
Damn, that's gonna ruin all my fun!
As the King of Heroes
I gladly accept his challenge!
I will show him the honor of a champion!
Careful when you're flying.
He might try to shoot ya down.
Shoot him?
[Kotetsu] When we faced him
at the hideout,
he was firing laser beams
out of his fingertips.
And they were strong enough
to go through thick, concrete walls.
I'm not worried in the least.
Despite his power, he can't hurt me
if he doesn't hit me.
I swear this to you Barnaby,
I will capture him
and bring him back to you alive.
[Cain] This sucks.
I can't believe we gotta
follow their orders and air this crap.
What are you talking about?
This is television gold!
Huh?
Look, it's about to start.
Hey, you change your recipe?
Yeah, can you tell?
Whatever you did, keep doing it,
'cause this is great!
[chuckling]
[announcer] Here he comes now!
The daring ace himself, Sky High!
Hear me, evildoer!
You have broken our city's laws
and placed lives in jeopardy.
Jake, I am here to
bring you to justice!
Huh?
Where does he get off
ignoring Sky High?
Hear me, evildoer! You
have broken our city--
I heard ya the first time.
Just get on with it.
Very well. But be warned,
today's wind velocity is off the charts!
[announcer] And so, with the very fate
of Stern Bild hanging in the balance--
The battle royale is about to begin!
That's my line!
So without further ado, let's go!
[grunting]
And Jet Head strikes first! Pummeling his
opponent with a flurry of attacks!
I'll finish him before he has
a chance to fight back.
[Kriem] Could Mister Jake be in trouble?
Way to go, Sky High!
Take him down!
C'mon, Sky High!
Sky... High!
[Kriem] Oh, no! Mister Jake's
taken a direct hit!
-Yes!
-Kick his ass!
Woohoo! He did it!
Looks like you challenged the wrong hero.
Now, surrender at once!
I actually felt that last
one, champ.
[screaming]
[gasping]
[chuckling]
How can you stand after
taking a hit like that?
Huh? I dunno what you're talking about.
You never hit me.
Checkmate, fly boy.
Jake doesn't shoot lasers.
He creates force fields!
[gasping]
You've gotta
be kidding.
Yee-haw!
[screaming]
That's the King of Heroes?
Kind of a let down.
He beat Sky High?
This can't be happening.
I thought he shot laser beams!
No. He uses defensive
force fields and attacks with them.
I guess someone jumped to
conclusions.
Hey, they're drawing
the next card.
Eenie... meenie... and moe.
The Bull Tank of the West Coast?
Seriously? He looks like a cow.
I'm gonna rip that guy
a new one.
[Agnes] Rock Bison.
This man is very dangerous.
Be careful.
Don't worry, now that
I've seen his power, he's mine.
I'll bust through his
force field with brute strength!
[Agnes] Good luck, Bison.
[Kriem] It's time for the second match.
How long will the metal heifer last?
[yelling]
Oh, there he goes!
[Rock Bison screaming]
[Jake] Aw, come on, heroes.
Is that all you've got?
Nobody alive could defeat
you, Mister Jake.
Well, bring out the next loser!
All right!
[Jake] That dumb-ass who always
has to pay for breaking stuff?
I could waste him with my eyes closed.
Might as well draw the next guy, too.
Say that to my face!
Oops, I picked the team.
Isn't that just adorable?
Be seeing you boys.
I'm gonna go
prep my suit.
Eh, don't even bother getting dressed.
I'm gonna end this punk in no time.
Wait. I know I was
wrong before and I'm sorry.
I have to... tell
them right away.
Hey, Ninja. I got a fun idea.
Turn into me.
He was still holding hostages,
so I had to do what he told me.
Forget about that.
Just tell us what you learned
about those powered exosuits.
I'm getting to that, sir.
Disguising yourself as
Chuckman to sneak in.
That'll teach those morons what happens
when they don't take us seriously.
Now blow up those support columns,
little teddy bears.
Not yet. There's more fun to be had.
The stuffed animals operate the exosuits,
and they only seem to
respond to her commands.
She was using some kind of communicator
to relay her orders to them.
You're saying that if we
can somehow jam that signal...
We can take the exosuits
out of the equation.
Good work, Origami.
We should start setting up jamming systems
across the city immediately!
Hm!
Jamming the city?
[Albert Maverick] Countless lives
could be spared.
It won't be up and running until
tomorrow morning, though.
You have to hold out 'til then.
I understand.
Look, it's the oaf who
trashes his own city!
They call you Crusher for Justice?
You look like you couldn't even
crush a soda can.
I'll be happy
to show you.
Hmmm!
[Agnes] Remember Tiger, strength alone
won't be enough
to get through his force fields.
That's why I'm gonna
beat him with speed.
And now for the third match.
Mister Jake versus the Scary Tiger! Begin!
[chuckling]
Hmm?
[giggling]
Hm-hmm!
Ah!
Not fast enough.
Aw, no! Tiger! Get up! Get up!
Hey! Get me outta here!
What for? The city's locked down.
Who cares, I just wanna go!
These lousy heroes are blowin' it!
All the more reason why
you're not getting a ride.
You just insulted a good friend of mine.
Huh?
Kotetsu.
[grunting]
[humming]
Are you worried about
Tiger?
Not really. I came here
to study the fight.
To help me prepare for my turn.
So you don't believe your teammate
has any chance of winning this?
What a wuss. Too scared
to come out from behind your shields?
You should talk.
You're the one jumping around
so you don't have to face me head-on.
That's it!
[suit] Good Luck Mode!
[shouts]
Ahh!
[suit] Ability Time Out!
That didn't work the first ten times
you tried it either.
Why can't I hit you?
I can hear what you're gonna do
before you do it.
And that's why you'll never beat me.
[suit] Powers expire in ten seconds.
Damn it. Already?
C'mon, Kotetsu, focus.
He has to have some weakness.
[chuckling]
[suit] Three... two... one...
Oops, time's up. Too bad.
[screaming]
Well, you tried.
[laughing]
Oh my goodness!
Without his hundred power, he'll never
be able to survive Jake's attack!
Oh, this is
ridiculous. Bang!
What's he doing?
This is suicide!
A real hero never gives up.
I can't let this punk stop me.
You don't know when to
quit do you?
[grunts]
[gasping]
He hit him!
Ow, you slippery punk.
Now you're really in for it.
No one kicks me! No one!
My god, we can't air this!
Cut to a commercial!
Yes, ma'am!
I really don't like getting
kicked in the head! Hear me?
You're so dead, Kotetsu!
Nobody kicks me like that and lives!
[roaring]
If the heroes keep losing at this rate,
we're not gonna last until morning.
Hey! Is the next
victim ready yet?
Pardon me, Mr. Martinez.
Hm? What now?
Might I suggest
taking a little break?
Huh? Are you tryin'
to tell me what to do?
[Agnes] Not at all.
I just don't think it's
the best idea to run the show all night.
Ratings drop off when people go to sleep.
It would be a shame
to waste this excitement.
Hmm... yeah, like your thinking,
woman!
Fine then! It's intermission.
Nice going, Ms. Agnes.
Using ratings as a ploy to buy us time
so we can jam their signal...
I've never seen numbers
like this in my life!
[chuckling awkwardly]
That force field... There's nothing
we can do to break it.
Hm?
Barnaby, your fight
isn't 'til tomorrow!
He's right. Jake almost killed Tiger.
And you have the exact same
Hundred Power he does.
[doctor 1] He has deep lacerations.
Pulse is dropping!
[doctor 2] We have to stop the bleeding.
Prepare for a transfusion!
[theme music]